--- Page 1 ---
Car insurance
Insurance product brochure
SIGNAL IDUNA Biztosító Zrt.
Compulsory motor vehicle liability insurance (KGFB)
Hungary, activity license number: H-EN-II-84/2016.
Full pre-contractual and contractual information on the Compulsory motor vehicle liability insurance product
available in the applicable general terms and conditions and offer documentation.
WHAT TYPE OF INSURANCE IS IT ABOUT?
KGFB is a liability-type insurance that covers the insured's responsibility during the operation of the vehicle, keeping in mind the protection of victims
in the event of damage, it compensates the damage caused to the injured party instead of the insured.All locations in Hungary offer this type of insurance
the operator of a vehicle must conclude and keep it in force.
What does the insurance cover?What is not covered by the insurance?
✓ Main exclusions caused by the insurance during the operation of the vehicle (the list is not exhaustive):
and provides coverage for personal injury damages.damage caused to the vehicle of the insured – tortfeasor –
✓ The amount of coverage in the case of property damage is 1,220,000, the damage caused by the person causing the damage,
in the case of personal injury damages, EUR 6,070,000 resulting from the claims of the insured against each other
up to the corresponding HUF limit.material damages, as well as lost profits
✓ A well-founded claim for compensation against the insured,
also provides coverage for the payment of the compensation.motor vehicle competition or during the necessary training
damage by
loading and unloading from a stationary vehicle
damage resulting from
environmental pollution damage without a vehicle accident.
What are the insurance restrictions?
under cover?
On the basis of the insurance, the insurer can use a counterclaim against several people
between in the following cases:
if the driver is licensed by the operator of the vehicle
led without
if the insured caused the damage illegally and intentionally,
if the driver is an alcoholic or driving
affected by a substance that adversely affects ability
driving in condition
if the driver is without a driving license
drove.
Where is my insurance valid?
✓ the insurance coverage covers the territory of the European Economic Area and Switzerland, as well as the territories belonging to the Green Card System,
✓ You can find information about the areas included in the Green Card System on the MABISZ website
(www.mabisz.hu/hu/gepjarmu-karrendezesi-iroda/nemzeti-iroda/682-nemzeti-iroda-tajekozato.html).
What are my obligations regarding the insurance?
– obligation to enter into a contract from the creation of the right of owner,
- communication and notification of changes, as well as cooperation, at the conclusion of the contract and during its existence,
– fee payment,
- in the event of damage, the obligation to mitigate damage, report damage, and provide information.
When and how do I pay?
The insurance premium is due to the insurer in advance for the duration of the risk bearing.The method and frequency of payment of the insurance premium is determined by a
included in the contract, according to the agreement of the contracting party and the insurer.Fees can be paid in one, two, four, or twelve installments
in detail, taking into account the information contained in the full information about the product, by postal check, bank check and other
by transfer through service providers, direct debit, or payment by bank card.For the insurance premium
it must be received by the insurance company by the 60th day from its due date, otherwise the contract will be terminated.
From when and how long does risk bearing last?
The insurance cover starts on the date specified in the contract.
The insurance cover is terminated in particular:
- on the date of sale of the vehicle or termination of the owner's right,
– in case of termination on the anniversary date,
– in the case of a fixed-term contract, on the expiry date,
- in the event of non-payment of fees after the grace period has expired.
How can I cancel the contract?
For an anniversary, you can cancel without reason - free of charge - at least 30 days before the anniversary.The contract
it can also be terminated in case of loss of interest (including e.g.: permanent withdrawal from circulation) and mutual agreement.
Please note that the insurance product brochure is not comprehensive and does not form part of the insurance contract
and does not constitute an offer.The basic purpose of the insurance product brochure is to present the most important aspects of the insurance product
characteristics and facilitate the comparison of several insurance products.
SIG 4081